# Personas
Teachers - Bob, Alice, Jill

## Foreward
The following people, their lives, school districts, and their associated photos are entirely fictional. These were created with the intention of creating a website to adaquately service the needs of different teachers and their needs. Most of the educational requirements are inspired by the following websites:

https://www.education.ne.gov/contentareastandards/ - This website defines the different areas of course work a student may experience while attending schools in Nebraska. The main area of focus for this project is Communication and Information Systems. 

https://cestandards.education.ne.gov/CourseList_FileLink.aspx?Sub=All&List=Middle - This link will direct you to the same website, however it has a filtered view of middle school classes in the cluster of Communication and Information Systems. Each class has an associated xml document that lists sample learning objectives and goals. 

## Bob
Bob is 64 and on the verge of retiring. Bob is loyal. As such, he has been teaching in the same school district for 20 years. This district is decently well off. Each student is issued their own chromebook to aid in their studies and complete assignments from home. The school that Bob teaches at doesn't have a free and reduced lunch program. There are about 300 students in the school. As for classrooms, there are about 20 students per teacher.As for Bob's classes, Bob is organized, he already has most of his lesson plans for the year planned out. However, he isn't as passionate about education as he once was. Thus, he mostly uses the same ones. Bob isn't especially well versed in newer technology. That is to say, he doesn't have time to learn all of the applications, techniques and practices that are constantly being developed. Currently, Bob teaches three main classes, Keyboarding Applications, Introduction to Web Desgin and Introduction to Computer Science. In these classes, Bob teaches kids fundemental computer knowledge with respect to each class. These skills include typing, html, css, and java. Due to his upcoming retirement, he doesn't want to create a brand new set of lesson plans. Instead he is looking for lesson plans online to help facilitate knowledge regarding safety and practices on the internet. One of the learning objectives is "Students will understand social, ethical, and human issues in relation to technology." This is one of the areas that Bob is looking for a few lesson plans. 
    
## Alice
Alice is 45 years old and has been teaching in this school district for 10 years. The school's funding is okay. A small portion of the school is on free and reduced lunch. The text book are a couple years out of date. While not every student has access to a computer at home, there an adaquate number of computers at the school for Alice to conduct all of her classes in a computer lab. The school has roughly 375 kids with each teacher being resposible for about 25 kids in each of their classrooms. Alice was is ambitious and impromptu. She loves creating new lesson plans for each year to keep up to date and to give students something new. Despite the textbooks being a few years old, she always tries to create modern lesson plans to inform students about contemparary topics. Alice strives to help students as best as she can in and outside of the classroom. She teaches her students fundemental computer skills. She teaches 3 classes, Introduction to Business Technology, Keyboarding Applications and Introduction to Web Design. Each course has a lesson plan similar to "Explore the impact that modern computing has on the world both as a benefit and the dangers is presents." While Alice does like to create her own lesson plans, she is not against using prebuilt lesson plans that meet her learning objectives. 

## Jill
Jill is a teacher fresh out of college. She has recently gotten her Master's Degree. While deciding her career path in college, she took a few computer science classes. While she didn't focus on computer science, she was fond of the subject. Still she decided to major in education. Fortunetly, when she got her first job, it was focused on teaching technology to kids. The school that Jill is employed to isn't extremely wealthy. A large portion of the students are on the free and reduced lunch program. The textbooks are outdated by quite a few years. Each class has to share a computer lab to complete assignments. Each teacher is responsible for roughly 30 kids per class and the school has roughly 450 students. Despite the lack of resources, Jill is very passionate about teaching. She wants to teach complex topics but doesn't have much experience properly teaching a class on her own. Since this is her first time teaching, she is looking for some prebuilt lesson plans to teach kids. Her current classes consist of Introduction to Web Design and Introduction to Computer Science. Seeing as how her class has to share the computer lab with other classes, on tuesdays and thursdays she has to try and teach concepts from her own class room. Due to this, she is looking for some prebuilt lesson plans preferably ones that do not require the use of computers. She is obligated to meet following learning objectives 
1.) Design, use and evaluate abstractions that model real-world problems and use the models to make predictions about the world.
2.) Demonstrate ethical behavior when using technology.
3.) Discuss the importance of respecting the privacy of others.
4.) Analyze the functionality of the website
